If you're thinking about becoming a computer scientist yourself, I would
have to say that the first thing you should do is probably look online
to find out about what different types of jobs there are and what
it is they do. With a little bit of experience, with a little bit
of browsing around on Google, you can kinda get an idea about it.
But it they don't really tell you exactly what they do, so the next
person would be probably someone in the field obviously. If you can
find a NASA computer scientist then go for it you know, but any university
student who's your junior, senior level, they have your basic
programming skills they have your basic idea of what computer theory
involves. So just asking a couple questions you know, whether it's
been hard for them, whether anybody with a with a normal high school
degree can kinda do this work, whether the job that they're doing
is really really complex. It ranges so they might not be the guide you
the best, but they can give you an idea of like kind of where you
fit in, and whether it's a career that you want to try yourself.